Name: Mark Borkowski
Date: 9/28/2019
Project: Text Adventure
Peer's repository: https://github.com/seoLegna/03-Text-adventure.git



What is something you learned by reviewing your peer's project?
I learned that there is no escaping the amazon (at least in this update :)).
 

What is something you saw in your peer's project that you would like to apply to your own programming projects?
I really enjoyed Shantanu's writing and story telling elements! I saw their tellatale_game.py file and read through their story and enjoyed the plot build up so far.
 

What suggestions would you have for your peer to improve his/her code?
We just need to get your tellatale_game.py file up to snuff so it doesn't get stuck in a loop  or somehow successfully convert it to the .json file format keeping the A,B,C and Yes and No mechanics.
 

What could have been clearer or better commented?
There were not too many comments, but the intention of the code in tellatale_game.py was quite clear. The only thing I was slightly confused about was using the branch as a weapon and at what point the player would get the branch.
Also I was not sure which .py file to run. I tried both, but got a loop by choosing A, Run with the tellatale_game.py and got stuck with no exits on main.py by going NORTH. 
 

Was there anything in the code that was confusing to you? If so, what?
I was wondering why there was a function called the_abnormal_clearing1 and the_abnormal_clearing. Maybe you just planned to call the functions from main.py or your .json file. Not sure. 
 

Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?
Yes it does! 
 

What is something he/she could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?
Possibly give a breif overview of some of the themes in the game or the setting of the game. It looks fine!
 

Pay a compliment to your peer based on the quality of his/her code.
I see what you are doing with tellatale_game.py it looks nice. I love the pauses! The options are really cool. However, it doesn't seem to be bugless yet. I really enjoyed reading through your story and I hope to talk to you about what your inspiration was for this project! 
